---
title: Log - Sprint 1 🛫
description: Flight Log of Co-Creation Activities
slug: flight-log-1
tags: [log, sprint ]
---

## Date
Flight Logs contain information relating to steps completed between 02/13/24 - 02/15/24

## Key Accomplishments
- Client provisioned a small EKS cluster and was able to go through staging steps. 
- Customer was able to do the workaround provided yesterday to support hierarchical image naming convention in Amazon ECR.
- Deployed OpenLDAP & Postgresql. 
- Successfully deployed the FileNet Operator into the customer's AWS EKS environment by manual process. 

## Challenges
- **Postgresql Failure:** Permission issue while deploying postgresql. 
    - **Error Message:** "chmod: changing permission of '/var/lib/postgresql': Operation not permitted" 
    - **Solution:** Client used “efs-sc” (file storage) from the the FNCM Operator CR yaml. The postgres-pvc.yaml said to use “ebs-gp3-sc” (block storage). Switched the storageclass to fix the error.

- **Amazon ECR:** ECR has a flat structure so to maintain hierarchical naming structure of Filenet images client has to create separate repositories within ECR. 

## Lessons Learned
- Make a note in the documentation to make it clear to use EBS(Block storage) instead of EFS for Postgresql.
- Amazon ECR behavior and workaround needs updated in the documentation. 
- Both load balancer and nginx are needed. Nginx only works on ports 80 and 443 and other port goes through the load balancer. 

## Action Items

## Next Steps
- Go through the FNCM CRD and fill out the configuration.

## Tracking
