---
title: Log - Sprint 5 🛫
description: Flight Log of Co-Creation Activities
slug: flight-log-5
tags: [log, sprint ]
---

## Date
Flight Logs contain information relating to steps completed between 03/12/24 - 03/14/24

## Key Accomplishments
- Client us setting up their AWS gov cloud environment in parallel. Overall the steps in this solution guide worked well for AWS gov cloud. 
- Guided client on how to add css index area for another object store. In the css sections under 'initialize_configuration'need index area per OS. 

## Work In Progress 
- Walked through running the commands to check which file storage the index areas map to. (eg: how /opt/ibm/indexareas maps to efs) 
- Went through cert manager setup.
- Working with support team to resolve IER deployment failure.

## Challenges
- **Ceritficate issue:**  PD - Security configuration, says not secure and certificate not valid on all the urls.
  Took a closer look at cert setup- matched tls secret name with the private secret key ref. Cert still did not come up after doing this. 
  FQDN is not filled out, discussed options. 

- **IER Image:** Client is getting Back off error message for IER pod. 

## Action Items
- Track the case TS015679454 and resolve the issue. 
- Look into s3 config without access keys - enhancement request was approved by product team last year. It improves content replication setup. 

## Next Steps 
- Look into the certificate setup and recommend next steps, including any other fields in the YAML that have to be filled. 
- Check if cert is now valid from ICN, etc. If so, reimport cert into keystore and retry launching PD. 
- Continuing to track the IER image pull issue support case. Deploy IBM Enterprise Record and TM pod setup for IER. 

## Tracking
**Cases open: 1**
  - Case TS015679454




