---
title: Log - Sprint 4 🛫
description: Flight Log of Co-Creation Activities 05/22-05/26
slug: flight-log-4
tags: [log, sprint ]
---

## Date 
Flight Logs contain information relating to steps completed between 05/22-05/26

## Key Accomplishments
- We were able to connect to ACCE through port forwarding (We still need figure out how to do this with nginx)
- Successfully recreated the openldap-deployment and openldap-ldif-configmap YAML files.
- Created new ibm-ban-secret and ibm-fncm-secret for client
- We were able to connect to gcddb and osdb databases and successfully created tables


## Challenges
- We had to recreated the openldap-deployment and openldap-ldif-configmap YAML files (made edits to OpenLDAP CR)
- We were having issues with ACCE not displaying a blank web page after we login
- Worked with Dev team to see the root cause behind ACCE issue.  We were getting unathentication issues but narrowed it down to a potential networking/routing issue.

## Lessons Learned
- When redeploying the operator, resource retractions are going to kill pods whenever we try to redeploy CR, this is for all pods.  It tries to create new pods then delete the old ones, this is hard on resources 

## Action Items
- Dev team is still looking into why 
- They are sending our error logs and events to web sphere team to see if they can find the root cause of these errors and if we can get the object store created for CPE

## Up Next
- Reconnect with dev team to see if they have any leads on a solution
- Verify with client taht pods were successfully created after redeplying operator

## Metrics

## Notes
Flight Logs contain information relating to steps completed between 05/22-05/26


## Tracking
- Created case for the login issue for CPE (TS013093278): https://www.ibm.com/mysupport/s/case/5003p00002iwdgWAAQ/filenet-container-deployment-to-eks

Updates from case:
The team reached out for support on the operator creating an ingress that is leading to a blank screen with a header when you log into the ACCE.

Support claimed that the operator does not create the ingress by default. However our team is able to replicate this issue in multiple environments and it appears that our NGINX Ingress Controller values are correct and we are not using a ALB Ingress.

Support then asked for debugging logs using the following steps:

Open a new browser and set the browser to debug mode by hitting F12 key > select Network tab
Access ACCE adding '?debug=true&useConsole=false&logLevel=4 ' at the end of the URL i.e . http: //server:port/acce/?debug=true&useConsole=false&logLevel=4
If a pop-up blocker message appears, please allow pop-up and re-access ACCE.
A separate pop-up window will appear with client-side tracing.
Reproduce the issue, copy the trace to a text file for review.
Save the browser debug logs as .har file and upload the ACCE trace and the .har file, messages log and ffdc to the case.
What happens if you let the browser time out, does it produce an error.
Support identified an invalid token error in the logs, requested browser debugging with trace enabled, and asked for additional output and logs for analysis.

Support then requested enabling browser debugging and Liberty security tracing to capture data for troubleshooting. Provided instructions for saving browser debug logs and Liberty logs.

Support then mentioned issues with indentation and provided a screenshot of trace specifications.

Ross then provided a description of the NGINX Controller Pod:

Support then mentioned that they saw an error that could be NGINX related:

Line 612: [05/23/23 14:52:35:372 UTC] 000000a SystemOut O CIWEB Warn: [@192.168.3.80] com.ibm.ecm.jaxrs.GlobalConfiguration.storeSessionRemoteAddress() The origin of the session, 192.168.52.52, does not match the origin of this request, 192.168.3.80.

Support then asked for another round of logs but this time wanted the team to provide all matching logs for console, messages, and trace.

Ross then provided all logs fr both active CPE pods.

**Team is now awaiting further followup **









